README.md, before:

# awesome-pf2e
🐲 A curated list of awesome Pathfinder 2e (PF2E) resources, references and software

- [PF2eTools](https://pf2etools.com/) - A suite of tools for 2nd Edition Pathfinder players and Game Masters
  - Open Source - MIT License - :octocat: [Pf2eToolsOrg/Pf2eTools](https://github.com/Pf2eToolsOrg/Pf2eTools)
- [pf2e package for FoundryVTT](https://foundryvtt.com/packages/pf2e) - Brings the Pathfinder 2e ruleset to Foundry Virtual Tabletop
  - Open Source - Apache License v2 - :octocat: [foundryvtt/pf2e](https://github.com/foundryvtt/pf2e)
- [Pathbuilder 2e](https://pathbuilder2e.com/) - A character builder, planner and sheet for PF2E
  - Web App, Android App 
- [Wanderer's Guide](https://wanderersguide.app/) - A semi-automated character manager for Pathfinder Second Edition.
  - Open Source - GPL-3.0 License - :octocat: [wanderers-guide/wanderers-guide](https://github.com/wanderers-guide/wanderers-guide)
- [Pathfinder 2 easy Library](https://pf2easy.com/) - Explore and search the ruleset, utility sheets, and various tools.
- [Archives of Nethys](https://2e.aonprd.com/) - Pathfinder 2nd Edition Database and Reference Document

Many more open source and community projects on Github:

- topic [pathfinder2e](https://github.com/topics/pathfinder2e)
- topic [pathfinder-2e](https://github.com/topics/pathfinder-2e)
- topic [pf2e](https://github.com/topics/pf2e)

Commit message:

Add pf2.tools and rpgbot.net/p2

README.md, after:

# awesome-pf2e
🐲 A curated list of awesome Pathfinder 2e (PF2E) resources, references and software

- [PF2 Tools](https://pf2.tools/) - Essential Pathfinder Second Edition Resources
- [PF2eTools](https://pf2etools.com/) - A suite of tools for 2nd Edition Pathfinder players and Game Masters
  - Open Source - MIT License - :octocat: [Pf2eToolsOrg/Pf2eTools](https://github.com/Pf2eToolsOrg/Pf2eTools)
- [pf2e package for FoundryVTT](https://foundryvtt.com/packages/pf2e) - Brings the Pathfinder 2e ruleset to Foundry Virtual Tabletop
  - Open Source - Apache License v2 - :octocat: [foundryvtt/pf2e](https://github.com/foundryvtt/pf2e)
- [Pathbuilder 2e](https://pathbuilder2e.com/) - A character builder, planner and sheet for PF2E
  - Web App, Android App 
- [Wanderer's Guide](https://wanderersguide.app/) - A semi-automated character manager for Pathfinder Second Edition.
  - Open Source - GPL-3.0 License - :octocat: [wanderers-guide/wanderers-guide](https://github.com/wanderers-guide/wanderers-guide)
- [Pathfinder 2 easy Library](https://pf2easy.com/) - Explore and search the ruleset, utility sheets, and various tools.
- [Archives of Nethys](https://2e.aonprd.com/) - Pathfinder 2nd Edition Database and Reference Document
- [RPGBot](https://rpgbot.net/p2/) - A resource for tabletop roleplaying games, including instructional articles, online tools, and a Podcast to help you be a better player.

Many more open source and community projects on Github:

- topic [pathfinder2e](https://github.com/topics/pathfinder2e)
- topic [pathfinder-2e](https://github.com/topics/pathfinder-2e)
- topic [pf2e](https://github.com/topics/pf2e)
